<!--technically, how you implemented your project and why you made the design decisions you did. Your design document should be at least several
paragraphs in length. Whereas your documentation is meant to be a user’s manual, consider your design document your opportunity to give the staff
a technical tour of your project underneath its hood-->

To start off, we utilized a series of HTML templates to format our website. We wanted to maintain consistency and a shared header, so we styled certain elements in our layout.html document. Then for our other pages, we used the syntax {% extends "layout.html" %} to add to the body of each different page, which also streamlined our coding process. We also used in-line CSS and Bootstrap components to stylize our site, making the background images, colors, opacity, and alignment the way we wanted it to be.

While creating the website, we wanted to be able to visualize a few things - first, the popularity of the tourist location, and second, the different locations of the movies that we thought would have been impacted the tourism statistics. We thus incorporated Python as well as to help with data analytics and visualization. We used a special Python package called Folium, that allowed us to create an interactive map straight away. To ensure we had appropriate geographic data to map, we included columns for latitudes and longitudes of each prefecture in our CSV. This made it easy for us to reference location and center circles and markers at each location. We made sure to incorporate research on both location and statistics for both the tourism component and anime film representation.

When it came to the actual portrayal of the website, we used a number of different design elements. First, the homepage has a button that leads the map page, which streamlines the user’s experience of the site. On the map page, we wanted to allow the user to see all 5 years of tourism and film data. We were originally planning to use a spectrum with alternating circle sizes throughout the year, but this proved difficult. So, we instead utilized different hyperlinks, where each year brings us to a customized map for the year. This made the coding more efficient as well because we could just change the year parameter for each map we produced.

In order to collaborate on the same project, we used a GitHub repository which allowed for us to work on the same project individually and push and pull code between us.