<!--This documentation is to be a user’s manual for your project. Though the structure of your documentation is entirely up to you,
it should be incredibly clear to the staff how and where, if applicable, to compile, configure, and use your project.
Your documentation should be at least several paragraphs in length. It should not be necessary for us to contact you with questions
regarding your project after its submission. Hold our hand with this documentation; be sure to answer in your documentation any questions
that you think we might have while testing your work.-->

This project aims to visualize the data we collected for our media tourism project, conducted in conjunction with East Asian Media Studies at Harvard. We created a website to demonstrate the connection between media tourism and location representation in film, and used folium to map our findings. In the process of creating our project, we first asked ourselves how we would visualize the data — on the popularity of location — by year. Then, we explored ways to mark the anime films we thought would be influential to the tourism industry. Finally, we thought about how we might connect the two prongs of our research, and display movies that might explain trends in tourism.

In our /project folder, there is an additional folder of templates, as well as other miscellaneous documents outside (such as this README.md and DESIGN.md). Starting from the folder of templates, you can find all of our HTML files. LAYOUT.html contains the background structure for our entire web page, including the meta tags and header information listing “Map”, “Data Table”, and “Feedback”. STANDARD.html, then, builds off of LAYOUT to describe the web development of the homepage. We included a banner from Bootstrap to overlay over a background of a traditional Japanese representation in anime film, as well as a button for the user to click that brings them to the actual map. The map can also be accessed from the tab at the top. The TOURISM.html document describes the page where users choose what year map they would like to see, with the actual map being used in MY_MAP.html. The final page in templates is REQUEST.html, where users can give us feedback through a form and submit button as well. Together, these pages explain the content and styling displayed on our website. They can be individually or collectively tested by using flask run in the terminal of the CS50 IDE.

The data we used can also be found in the /project folder. Visit Rate Ranking.csv contains tourism statistics to each prefecture over the past 5 years, which we then placed onto our map in the form of representative circles. The film.csv file contains influential anime films and the year they were released, as well as the longitude and latitude of the location it features. Both of these csvs are referenced in application.py and other files because they provide the necessary data to either analyze or iterate over.

The final file in /project is application.py, which contains our Python code for the data analysis and visualization needed for our website. Because we used other Python packages, we had to import multiple files which can be found at the top of the document. The code then explains both the routes of our website and the functions utilized on each page. Under @app.route, we configure what is sent to each URL. For example, our homepage with URL(“/”) only GETs data and thus renders the template for standard.html. On the converse, the URL(“/request”) utilizes both methods GET and POST, such that we can render the template for request.html but also retrieve the information the user types into our feedback form. Similarly the page (“/year) uses both GET and POST, and uses the data in our Visit Rate Ranking.csv that we uploaded to our folder and renders the template from MY_MAP.html. In this file, we can modify the Python elements and especially the modification of key tourism and film data.

In conclusion, our implementation can be split into three parts to use — our folder of HTML templates, our CSV data files, and our application.py code. Each part can be tested individually or traced to the rest of the website when being tested from flask run. Together, the parts allow the user to navigate between a comprehensive website and also select a specific map to view.